# Acknowledgements

The hue Apple SDK uses code from the following libraries:

## [CocoaLumberjack](https://https://github.com/CocoaLumberjack/) (used for logging)

Software License Agreement (BSD License)

Copyright (c) 2010-2014, Deusty, LLC
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use of this software in source and binary forms,
with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above
  copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
  following disclaimer.

* Neither the name of Deusty nor the names of its
  contributors may be used to endorse or promote products
  derived from this software without specific prior
  written permission of Deusty, LLC.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

## [Appledoc](https://github.com/tomaz/appledoc) (used for developer documentation)

appledoc is licensed with modified BSD license. In plain language: you're allowed to do whatever you wish with the code, modify, redistribute, embed in your products (free or commercial), but you must include copyright, terms of usage and disclaimer as stated in the license, the same way as any other BSD licensed code. You can of course use documentation generated by appledoc for your products (free or commercial), but you must attribute appledoc either in documentation itself or other appropriate place such as your website.

If for whatever reason you cannot agree to these terms, contact us through contact form on our about page, we'll do our best to help you out you out and find a workable solution!

Copyright (c) 2009-2011, Gentle Bytes All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source, binary forms and generated documentation, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

Redistributions of documentation generated by appledoc must include attribution to appledoc, either in documentation itself or other appropriate media.

Neither the name of the appledoc, Gentle Bytes nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Gentle Bytes appledoc@gentlebytes.com


