#  Apple SDK Changelog

## 1.11.3beta (2016-10-05)

- Fixed naming of methods in PHSearchForNewDevicesDelegate due to naming collision with the internal apple api
- Fixed github issue #108
- Fixed github issue #111

## 1.11.2beta (2016-01-25)

- Fixed bug the user had to pushlink again when switching bridges

## 1.11.1beta (2015-11-23)

- Fixed github issue #106
- Fixed github issue #107

## 1.11beta (2015-11-4)

- Username on authorisation is generated by the bridge instead of the SDK.
- SDK is compiled with bitcode support. This is experimental, since it has not been tested yet.
- Added support for the armv7k architecture.
- The backup status fields regarding the bridge transfer process have been added to PHBridgeConfiguration.
- Unique id and luminaire unique id have been added to PHLight
- Unique id has been added to PHGroup.
- IP scan is excluded for iOS 7.

Fixes:

- Fixed crash in ip scan. The crash occurred when the bridge id could not be parsed correctly.

## 1.8beta (2015-06-26)

- Added ability to use PHBridgeSendAPI and PHPortalSendAPI without starting a heartbeat by using setBridgeToUseWithId with extra parameters. This is useful for short living applications like widgets. 
- Added support for increment attributes in PHLightState objects. 
- Discarded use of MAC address as primary identifier of a bridge:
  - PHBridgeSearchCompletionHandler from now on returns a bridge identifier instead of MAC address in bridgesFound dictionary.
  - setBridgeToUse methods in PHHueSDK from now on accept the bridge identifier instead of MAC address as parameter (the MAC address can be passed as bridge id when you don’t have the bridge identifier obtained from search yet). 
- Searching for lights and sensors in PHBridgeSendAPI changed:
 -  searchForNewLights / searchForNewSensors methods now poll the bridge for its search status and accepts a delegate parameter for reporting progress.
 - getNewFoundLights / getNewFoundSensors methods are deprecated: please use cache together with a heartbeat to see the new found resources.
- Improved color conversion for lights (calculated x&y values will better match the given RGB color for various lights)
- Updated color conversion support for devices:  
  - Hue Beyond Table/Pendant/Ceiling
  - Hue Entity Table/Pendant
  - Hue Impulse Table/Pendant
  - Hue Go
- Added notify flag attribute in PHSoftwareUpdateStatus and aligned values of updateState with values on CLIP) 
- Added manufacturer name attribute to PHLight
- Added modelid and bridgeid attributes to PHBridgeConfiguration object
- Scene resources are now stored as part of the PHBridgeResourceCache (so available on startup)

Fixes:

- Fixed memory leak issue when doing PHBridgeSendAPI calls from a GCD queue
- Fixed crash on serialisation of PHBridgeResourceCache
- Fixed bug where logger would not be removed on stopSDK call
- Various other small bug fixes and performance improvements

## 1.3.1beta (2015-03-20)

Changes:
- Fix for handling of JSON null values:
    - Any "null" values in the JSON returned by the bridge will result in 'nil' instead of [NSNull null]
    - Exception on this are the 'lightIdentifier' array's of PHScene and PHGroup. Please make your code robust for handling NSNull in these array's by check the type before using any value of these array's.

Note: This update is strongly recommended (esp. developers using sensors). Using older SDK versions could lead to crashes or unexpected behaviour with future bridge firmware releases. 

Read more on this subject on our developer portal page: http://www.developers.meethue.com/documentation/null-attributes-json

## 1.3beta (2014-09-11)

Features: 
- Added support for rules
- Added support for sensors and switches (including support for hue Tap)
- Added multi resources heartbeat support
- Added docset for SDK API documentation
- Updated color conversion documentation

Changes:
- API improvements
- Bug fixes
- Removed sample app as it's replaced by code examples on our developer portal


## 1.1.3beta (2014-03-25)

Features:
  - Added support for arm64


## 1.1.2beta (2014-01-24)

Features:
  - Added description methods to all the domain objects
  - Domain objects are copyable now (shallow copy)

Changes:
  - Fixed issue regarding escaping forward slashes in the JSON body of a request to the bridge


## 1.1.1beta (2013-12-05)

Features:

  - The SDK is now OS X COMPATIBLE!   The 2 frameworks (HueSDK_iOS.framework and HueSDK_OSX.framework) can now be used in any OSX project as well as in iOS projects.
  - QuickStart App released for iOS and OS X, containing minimal functionality to connect to a bridge and for getting started. Ideal for devs to start programming their Hue Apps.
    
Changes:

  - Removed JSONKit
  - Whitelist username is now a 16 character random string, and will be handled by the SDK
  - The SDK for iOS requires iOS 5.0+
  - The SDK for OS X requires OS X 10.7+ (Lion)
  - Added IPScan functionality which can be used as a fallback if the UPnP/NUPnP search fails to find any bridges
  - A PHBridgeSearching instance should be retained, since searching for bridges happens in the background now
  - Xcode 5 compatibility 

Remarks:

  - The sample app is obsolete
  - Please make sure the -ObjC linker flag has been configured in the app